>>GEORGIA SHAKTI-HILL: Hello,
I'm Georgia Shakti-Hill.
And we do have a
wonderful guest today.
I'm so excited.
We have Elizabeth Joyce.
She is a woman who is
known to have been born
with the gift of knowledge.
She has used that
gift of knowledge
to help so many different
people in so many ways.
And we're excited to share
this information with you.
So do come join us.
Elizabeth Joyce is a renowned
medium psychic intuitive.
There are lots of different
words for the gifts
that she shares.
Some of the things
that she shares
also are in the form of tapes.
And we have a couple of
those to share with you today
about healing depression
and also about the chakras.
But the work that
she has done she
started with, as she explained
it, the gift of knowledge.
And so we are so pleased to have
with us today Elizabeth Joyce.
And so what is the
gift of knowledge?
>>ELIZABETH JOYCE: Well,
the gift of knowledge is one
of the seven gifts that Christ
left his disciples and said
would continue through
mankind until he returned--
the gift of knowledge, the gift
of healing, the gift of wisdom.
And so I would
like to say that I
have been born with
the ability to have
some telepathic
response with people
and to see visions of
things either in the past
or in the future.
And it's been so natural to
me that I've never really
had to use a crystal
ball or a Tarot card.
It's just something
that's a part of my body.
>>GEORGIA: And you have used it
in so many different ways that
you have been really recognized
and honored for years--
Women's Day Magazine.
>>ELIZABETH: That's correct.
>>GEORGIA: ABC named you
one of the top 20 psychics
or mediums in the United States.
>>ELIZABETH: I was named in
1998 because they asked in '97
for me to make the prediction.
And I said a dark
haired girl named
Veronica would upset
the White House,
an angry blonde would
bring forth the truth.
And it would later be
verified and Clinton
would be impeached in
the four months of '98.
>>GEORGIA: So there you go.
>>ELIZABETH: They
shouldn't ask if they
don't want the answer, right?
>>GEORGIA: They did
ask, didn't they?
>>ELIZABETH: Correct.
>>GEORGIA: And this
information then came to you?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>GEORGIA: You can
explain that to people
as to what medium it is.
You said you're clairvoyant.
You're a clairaudience.
You're a clair--
>>ELIZABETH: Clairsentience.
>>GEORGIA: Clairsentience.
>>ELIZABETH: There's
three types of ways
that we can use our telepathic
responses, which I believe
in the next Millennium, we're
going to develop ourselves
in mankind by becoming more
telepathic and more empathetic.
And I think it will be one
of the steps towards world
peace between that
and the internet
and getting to know people in
other lands and accepting them.
So clairaudience
is clear hearing.
Clairsentience is a feeling
when your hair stands on end
and you know something's
going on, or a hunch.
And then clear
seeing, clairvoyance,
is clear seeing
from the third eye.
And I literally see movies,
sometimes in black and white
and sometimes in color.
>>GEORGIA: Now all of
us have this ability.
>>ELIZABETH: That's correct.
>>GEORGIA: But you have
one that was developed.
You came-- you were
born with it basically.
And you have always had it.
So for you, it is as natural
to you as all the other senses
that you have?
>>ELIZABETH: That's true.
But it was focused on when
I was hit by a drunk driver
with my son in 1979.
And of course, they did that
show on "Unsolved Mysteries"
recently.
And I had the out-of-body
near-death experience.
And when I came
back from that, I
had a recurring dream,
which was in the woman's day
story of this body
blowing up from a house
and going back into tumbleweeds.
And I didn't know
what it was about.
And I kept hearing
your aunt died.
She's in Houston, Texas.
Well, my family is
from New England.
So I went to a very
close friend of mine,
who is a social worker.
And I told her, I thought
I was going crazy,
that I thought there had been
some neurological damage I
kept having this dream.
And she turned white
and said, my goodness.
And I said, I see ivy going
up the side of the house.
And there's oil wells and
a fence and a trailer park.
And she said describe it to me.
I said I can draw it for you.
Well her aunt was missing from
the Houston well explosions.
And her name was Ivy.
And they found the
body within one hour.
>>GEORGIA: Well, this must
have been very difficult
for you then to have this kind
of a dream that reoccurred.
And also, it was--
I mean, it was such a painful
story that you were sharing.
>>ELIZABETH: Well, it was--
to me, it was bizarre.
It wasn't particularly
painful to me.
It was just--
>>GEORGIA: It wasn't your--
>>ELIZABETH: I
didn't understand it.
When the Exxon-- when the
man president from Exxon
disappeared and I turned on
the television set on April 28
in '92, and I saw the
newscast, immediately I
saw a blue Cadillac.
I saw the license plate number.
I saw how he had been abducted.
I knew the door was ajar and
the motor was still running.
I knew all about
what had happened
in that murder for
the Exxon president.
But the reason that I
knew was because my father
worked for Exxon for 49 years.
So I had a connection.
I had what I call a
timeline connection.
And people think
if you're psychic,
or if you're clairvoyant, that
you can look at them right away
and tell them something.
And that's not true.
First of all, if you
follow natural law,
you can't do anything that's a
psychic impression unless you
have permission from
the other person.
So if a girl calls me
up about her boyfriend,
and they're having a fight,
and you have that all the time,
and she wants me to tell
her what he's doing,
I cannot do that.
>>GEORGIA: And that's
not your role to do that?
>>ELIZABETH: No,
that's not my role.
>>GEORGIA: So you
have to have some kind
of a personal connection
or be given permission.
>>ELIZABETH: The
permission-- the only time
that you can do that is
if it's an elderly parent,
or if it's a child,
and the parents are
asking for guidance.
And then you can help them
and guide them in that way.
>>GEORGIA: Now, you
use the terminology
that you are overshadowed
with spiritual power.
>>ELIZABETH: Correct.
>>GEORGIA: What does
that mean to you?
>>ELIZABETH: What it means
to me is that there's
a responsibility that you
carry with this wonderful gift
that I have, which is
invaluable to myself, but really
can be helpful to others.
And if I used it and
abused it in any way,
that it could be
taken like that.
So you're overshadowed
with an energy
that comes at your request.
Actually, I think that the
energy is always there.
And we as human
beings haven't learned
how to be connected
to it all the time.
You know when you wake up in
the morning and you have a hunch
and you know something
wonderful is going to happen,
or you wake up in the
morning and you're sad,
and you know you're going to
hear some sad news that way,
that's a hunch.
That's the chakra's
working for you.
That's your energy
field connecting
to something on your timeline
either with family or friends
or an experience that's
giving you a pre signal.
>>GEORGIA: Now, the
tape that you have,
"The Chakras in
Your Body," you said
that you would use
this for 120 days
and you would see great changes?
>>ELIZABETH: Absolutely.
>>GEORGIA: OK, and that
would be where you would
be getting more self awareness.
You would be--
>>ELIZABETH: You would
get more self awareness.
I believe that that helps
to clear the heart from pain
of relationships.
I also feel that
it helps to open
something called the third eye.
>>GEORGIA: And the third eye
is that spiritual awakening?
>>ELIZABETH: Well, it's when
two eyes come together as one
and then you will see
as is said in the Bible.
And it really is
the ability to have
to be able to close
your eyes and see
a picture either of the past,
as I said, or of the future.
>>GEORGIA: As you said, you do.
And you see it almost as if it's
in color or black and white.
You see it as if it's a movie.
>>ELIZABETH: Right, but one
of the most fascinating things
to me is that as we are
sitting here talking, Shakti,
and as we are
going through life,
every single day, every
decision that we make
creates our future life.
And if you believe
in reincarnation,
and you came from certain
patterns and abilities
that you either used
or abused and you
have to correct
in this lifetime,
then the way that
we handle people,
the way we handle others
creates our future life.
And when you know
that, it may help
you open to the power of love.
>>GEORGIA: Now you
go back to 1979
when you had the
automobile accident.
OK, before that, were
you somewhat clairvoyant?
Were you sometimes--
>>ELIZABETH: I was
very clairvoyant.
And my friends would
all tell me that I was.
But I didn't know it.
They would say you would
tell me that so and so was
going to call.
And he would call.
Or they would call
me up and tell me
about their relationships
and ask me questions.
And I would answer them.
And then it would happen.
When I was 10 years
old, I was walking home
with a girlfriend from school.
And she asked me about
the lady upstairs.
And I said the lady
upstairs had died.
And her mother called
my mother that night.
And I got in trouble because
the lady upstairs had not died.
But she died three days later.
And I was and in
the reality of it
had already happened
and didn't realize it.
>>GEORGIA: So there is
a time aspect to this?
A time frame aspect.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes, when I was
very young, I was 5 years old.
I had to go live with
my grandmother in New
Hampshire away from my family.
And that's when she said, you're
different from your sisters.
And I am one of two
sets of identical twins.
>>GEORGIA: That is fascinating.
>>ELIZABETH: And she
said you're different.
And she told me two things.
She told me that
I was clairvoyant.
She told me it had been
in my family before
and that some day I would
go to Egypt and some day
that I would be helpful to
doing something for mankind.
And Indeed, I have done that.
And I'm going again.
>>GEORGIA: So the fact
that you-- and you--
I'm sure that you're
very aware then
of what the studies that
have been done on twins.
And you said that there are
two different types of twins
and different
purposes within that.
>>ELIZABETH: Correct, there's
the twins that come together
and they adore each other.
And they establish
their own language.
And my older sisters did that.
And my older sisters have
their own language now.
And they're in their 60s.
And then there are the twins
that are born to separate.
And I call it de-twinning.
They have to find their
own individual self.
They're born into a
partnership that's not chosen.
It's chosen by God.
So they have to work
through that partnership,
but also get to a place
where they take their self.
They become their strength
and use their talents
without relying
on the other one.
And it usually happens
between 36 and 50.
>>GEORGIA: OK, so your purpose
with your twin was to de-twin--
>>ELIZABETH: Separate.
>>GEORGIA: OK, to establish your
own self and your own identity.
>>ELIZABETH: And as I
had done regressions
about my past lives,
two very vivid ones,
I was identical twin, again.
But she had died.
And I had gone on, which
was very interesting.
>>GEORGIA: Yes.
>>ELIZABETH: Very
interesting therapy.
>>GEORGIA: OK, now
in this lifetime
then, how are you using your
talents most effectively
in helping other people?
>>ELIZABETH: Well, I am
developing healing skills.
And I am teaching healing.
I did study with Louise
Hay and Dr. Deepak Chopra.
And I have worked through their
modalities to perfect my own.
And I have developed something
called loving responses.
The two things that
I'm very good at
is locating something, whether
it's a person or an item,
and helping people with
mental, emotional responses.
>>GEORGIA: Well, I
think we want to spend
a little time with that because
you have in developing it.
So we're going to take a break.
And when we come
back, we're going
to talk about loving responses,
and also flow therapy
because that's what you
call some of the work
that you're doing
with people, too.
So if you'll stay
tuned, we're going
to be coming back in
just a few minutes
with more information about the
gift of knowledge and Elizabeth
Joyce.
And if you are just joining
us, I'm Georgia Shakti-Hill.
We're talking with
Elizabeth Joyce.
And in biblical terminology,
she has the gift of knowledge.
She is intuitive.
She is psychic.
And she has all of the three
clairvoyance, clairaudience,
and clairsentience.
That's a lot to say, isn't it?
Which means that you
just kind of know stuff.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>GEORGIA: Yes, you do.
You have insights of the
past and also the future
and the present.
What's going on?
But you said that
you've put that together
in your own healing modality.
You have called this
loving responses is
one thing that you work with.
>>ELIZABETH: That works
with the mental, emotional.
How you can handle a
relationship without getting
everybody upset.
And the other one
is loving responses,
which works with the heartbeat.
And that's balancing the body at
the different pressure points.
It's using acupressure and
the tips of your fingers
on different parts of the
body on the opposite sides.
And there are several
flows that one can use.
Actually, this science is out
of Tibet and out of Japan.
>>GEORGIA: This is
the flow therapy.
>>ELIZABETH: The flow therapy.
And it's healing.
So you bring in the
healing energies.
And you work with the heartbeat.
And it's quite impressive.
And it helps with
chronic illnesses,
like lower back
pain, a toothache.
It can help with--
if you have poor circulation,
and you're always cold,
it can help with chronic
fatigue syndrome.
It's good work.
>>GEORGIA: It
sounds fascinating.
And you said that on the
mental, emotional level,
though, that work that you
do is loving responses.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>GEORGIA: Yes, and I like
that because you said,
sometimes we need
to practice that.
>>ELIZABETH:
Absolutely, and the way
that you do it is
staying in the I am.
I am that I am.
Instead of saying you are
hurting me, you would say,
I am feeling hurt
by what you said,
and that is non-accusatory.
So it takes off the
need to fight back.
>>GEORGIA: And so
in a situation--
give us a situation of
how one might respond
and how one could do that
in a loving response.
>>ELIZABETH: Well, if
you are having someone
be abusive to you whether it's
a parent, a boss, a husband,
or a wife, or whatever.
And somebody either
uses profanity
or says something hurtful.
You could say back, are you
aware of what that sounds like?
And I'm uncomfortable
with what you said.
It was hurtful.
It was intended to be hurtful.
Another example is if
you go to the post-office
to buy some stamps.
And the person
behind the counter
throws the stamps at you.
And you know that they're
upset about something.
You could say I'm really sorry
that you're having a bad day.
Instead of getting
angry at what they did,
try to understand
that they are not you.
They are something separate.
And they're going through
something separate from you.
Because we have a hard time
understanding, especially
in this country, that
other people are separate
and that what we perceive
isn't always the whole truth.
>>GEORGIA: And their
behavior may have nothing
to do with us whatsoever.
>>ELIZABETH: And you take it so.
>>GEORGIA: We take it
so very personally.
>>ELIZABETH: Correct.
>>GEORGIA: Exactly.
>>ELIZABETH: The
other thing I like
is what I call a
divine cosmic setup.
Now a divine cosmic
setup works like this.
I was going on a trip.
I got held up at the airport.
I talked with a woman
and her two kids.
They invited us for
dinner where I was going
to, Asheville, North Carolina.
And it was very nice.
But four days later, I
met some other friends.
And this one woman
was very depressed
because she couldn't
find housing
and didn't have a good
realtor in that area.
And I told her to call this
girl's father, who we had just
had dinner with.
And she did.
And he found her a
house within two days.
>>GEORGIA: And you call this--
>>ELIZABETH: That's
a divine setup.
>>GEORGIA: OK, a divine setup.
Now, and speaking
of depression again,
some of the work that
you do with your tapes
is, for example, healing
depression the natural way.
And you said, your
son is a doctor.
But he supports the work
that you have done here.
>>ELIZABETH: He did on
that particular tape.
I had him check it for accuracy.
And I had him listen to
my information side, which
explains what
chronic depression is
and how we all go through it.
And it also tells you that
when you are depressed enough
to make sure you do
get medical help.
And then the second side
takes you back to being a baby
and helps you to remember
the freedom of that
so that you can get
out of your depression.
>>GEORGIA: Yes, the
freedom of being a baby.
>>ELIZABETH: Freedom
is interesting.
>>GEORGIA: Now, you also
teach meditation technique.
>>ELIZABETH: I do.
I teach Kundalini yoga.
>>GEORGIA: OK, and
Kundalini yoga is--
>>ELIZABETH: Is from a wonderful
master named Yogi Bhajan.
And it has to do
with breath work.
And it also has to
do with postures.
And it has to do with clearing
the chakra's so that you can
meditate deeper and relax
more, and then perhaps begin
to get some inner
answers for yourself.
And the sanskrit
that's used-- sanskrit
was believed to be the original
language like Om Namah Shivaya.
You've heard of--
>>GEORGIA: Oh yes,
that is my chant.
>>ELIZABETH: --Om Namah Shivaya?
That's sanskrit.
So that when we hear it, we feel
joy and we feel a recognition.
So then we use seeds
sounds to clear the body.
And when you clear the body,
and everything relaxes, then
your answers can come.
>>GEORGIA: Because
people always want
to know from someone who is
an acknowledged psychic or
clairvoyant how can they
become more intuitive,
more clarvoyant themselves.
And so you feel
that part of this
is through the
meditation techniques.
What do you teach?
If people want to know how they
can become more intuitive--
>>ELIZABETH: Well, I have--
>>GEORGIA: --what
do you suggest?
>>ELIZABETH: --10
classes that I teach.
It's called psychic level one.
And what it does is it
takes you through all
the different experiences--
the aura, the hands-on healing,
the self-hypnosis, the
telepathy experience,
the wonderful regression
experience, and what karma is
and how karma works.
And so you give them a
basic history of that.
And then you have
them, during this time,
start to meditate and start
to work on being much more
aware of what their surroundings
are, what's going on
with other people,
and that other people
and how they act really do
not reflect on who you are.
And it works.
It frees them up.
And then they can become wiser.
And they can start to
help others around them.
And we spread it.
>>GEORGIA: But as
you had said before,
being overshadowed with
spiritual power, what this also
means is you have to be
responsible with your gifts.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>GEORGIA: Now
you said there was
an incident with your sister
that was really profound.
And this was your twin sister.
>>ELIZABETH: In 1986 on November
11th, as a matter of fact,
I was meditating in Hawaii.
And I heard your sister died.
And I knew that a car
had gone over a hill.
And I call it put my hand
out into the fourth dimension
and caught the car.
And I literally would
not stop meditating
until that car got safely
back up on the hill again.
>>GEORGIA: And you said
it was a 10 hour process.
>>ELIZABETH: It took 10 hours.
>>GEORGIA: Oh, wow.
>>ELIZABETH: 10 hours.
And then I was
exhausted, and I slept.
And the next day I called
my mother 6,000 miles away.
And my identical twin had
gone over a 35 foot ravine
and had walked away from the
car accident without a scratch.
>>GEORGIA: And there is
no doubt in your mind
the experience that you
had was saving the sister.
>>ELIZABETH: Absolutely.
>>GEORGIA: That's just
absolutely what happened.
>>ELIZABETH: It was called
taking on the karma.
I took on the karma of my twin.
>>GEORGIA: And what
does that mean?
>>ELIZABETH: When you take
on the karma of somebody,
it means that you help
them free themselves up
so they can make a
sole choice, especially
if there's a lot of fear.
Another example, a friend
of mine, who is a healer,
had me come to the
hospital and work
with his four-year-old daughter.
And we both worked on her.
She was ill.
And they could not find
what the problem was.
Well, we didn't really want
to know what the problem was.
We wanted to get rid of it.
So we both did a healing on
her with light and energy work
based on--
I would compare it to Barbara
Brennan's wonderful work.
And the next day she had
a 98 degree temperature
and went home, and
was fine ever since.
So sometimes we can
have a disturbance
on the mental, emotional levels.
And we aren't able
to verbalize it.
It can affect our body,
throw us off of center.
And if we know how
to free that up,
then we can both have healing
practitioners with us.
Or we can self heal.
And that's important.
>>GEORGIA: Now, I did
visit your website.
And you do lots of
wonderful things.
You have essential oils.
You make your own jewelry
that you sell and so forth.
But I liked one of
the things that said,
this is what we need to do.
And there are steps that
we can take to be happy
and to have a good day.
We need to sing, smile, dance,
stretch, and be outrageous.
>>ELIZABETH:
Absolutely outrageous.
>>GEORGIA: Now tell me
a little bit about that.
You said-- the singing part--
I mean, all of these things
really do work, don't they?
I mean, when I just
thought about it.
I thought, I should say more.
I smile a lot.
I love to dance.
It's natural to stretch.
But sometimes we
need to just release.
But what about that
be outrageous part?
>>ELIZABETH: Well,
there's a couple
of things I can tell you.
The first thing I
want to tell you
is that when I
worked in aviation,
I worked at Teterboro
for about seven years.
And a pilot would
come in and say, hey,
you want to fly to
Atlanta for dinner
and then to Connecticut
for dessert?
I would say absolutely.
Or, if you wanted
the job interview,
and you're afraid
to call for it,
or you're hesitant in
your own self esteem,
you can be outrageous,
and go for it.
And if you've never
written a screenplay,
sit down and write one.
You never know what's
going to happen.
You'll certainly learn.
>>GEORGIA: So just go for it.
>>ELIZABETH: But the other way
to apply it is with soulmates.
You can create the entrance
of your soul mate if you want.
As a matter of fact, I did that.
I danced.
I played all of my love songs.
I like Perry Como and Nat
King Cole, and that's my era.
And I would dance around
the house with my soul mate
until I literally felt the
body, the outline of the body
as I was dancing.
And I knew I was going to
meet a man that was five foot
10 or 11, had blue
eyes, and brownish hair,
and that he was born
in Wichita, Kansas.
And I knew I was going to
spend New Year's Eve with him.
And I knew it Thanksgiving.
>>GEORGIA: I love it.
>>ELIZABETH: And
it all happened.
>>GEORGIA: For those people
who haven't met their soul
mates, just dance with them
until they materialize.
>>ELIZABETH: They sit and
they worry about can I go here
and can I go there?
But you can call it
into your reality.
Deepak teaches this.
And once it's in your reality
system, it has to manifest.
>>GEORGIA: Thank you.
What a delight.
Hasn't she been fun.
If you would like to be in
touch with Elizabeth Joyce,
stay tuned.
We'll let you know how.
And you know we always
love to hear from you.
And then some closing words.
So you have just met
Elizabeth Joyce-- a woman
with the gift of knowledge.
And as she acknowledged for
you, you have these gifts, too.
I love the part that
you can just dance
until the soulmate appears.
I love that part.
Now, I have a soul mate.
But for those of you who
still need to connect,
that's another
opportunity of how
you can learn to live in balance
in mind, body, and spirit.
So until next time, I'm
Georgia Shakti-Hill.
May you be well,
happy, and peaceful,
and perhaps, you could sing, you
could dance, you could stretch,
you could be outrageous.
See you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]